# Uber-Trip-Data-

Uber is one of the top ride-sharing companies in the world.  Uber has a 68% share of the US rideshare market.  Uber is a global company.  Its service is available in over 250 cities in more than 45 countries.  Uber drivers completed 7.6 billion trips in 2022, surpassing its peak of 6.9 billion in 2019.  In this project, we will explore Uber's request data.

In this project, we will analyze Uber Request Data from ANUPAM MAJHI's Kaggle (https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/anupammajhi/uber-request-data). Uber is a ridesharing company. Rideshare is a travel in a private vehicle driven by its owner, free or for a fee, especially as part of an arrangement made using a website or app. In this project, we will evaluate the trip data and create a machine-learning algorithm to predict future trip completions or cancellations. 

DISCLAIMER: This data and its analysis are provided for informational purposes only. The information presented here is not endorsed, affiliated with, or sponsored by Uber or any related entities. The data used in this analysis is publicly available and has been collected from various sources. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the data's completeness, accuracy, reliability, or suitability. Any reliance you place on the information provided is strictly at your own risk. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from using this data. The use of this data does not create a professional-client relationship. We recommend verifying the data with official sources before making decisions or conclusions.

